Jake's TODOs:
    maybe be able to switch between randomly choosing next question type vs. iterating over each question type enabled, then repeat.
        With the random system, it seems like "what movie is this" doesn't come up as often as I would like
    maybe have new question that finds a random movie and grabs a single frame from that movie, and displays to the user.
        or maybe grab several frames, each from a different random position of the film, and show each to the user? have the number of frames grabbed configurable
    where is cinema vision getting their quotes, trivia from?
    pause instead of stop at end of "what movie is this?" then have banner show "time's up! (change the length of time to play in settings)"
    change hard-coded numbers to string constants
    for settings strings accessed in code, use const variables rather than hard-coding the strings
    add 5th or maybe even 6th answer option
    apparently fanart is required?
        also add screenshots to be seen in addon info
    ask about onfocus for listitem
    put random in util module along with logger
    get movie quotes from subtitle tracks of locally-stored movies?
    delete old image resources
    maybe move <min start %>, <max start %>, and <duration> to "advanced" category within settings?
        that way the "questions" category can actually just be question types,
        and I don't have to specify that the % and duration settings apply to both movie and tv show <what _ is this> question type
    can i get rid of game.py ?
    multiplayer support
        possible to host web server that each player can connect to (on same wifi network) and select the answer to each question?
    buggalo error:
        AttributeError: module 'xbmc' has no attribute 'translatePath'
    invert the visibility markers that are done opposite of what would be intuitive?
        maybe they were done that way because they are visible by default?
    move the stuff in resources/media to resources/skins/Default/media

    probably broken questions:
        what movie is actor not in?
        what actor is in these movies?
            this is the only question that uses the 3 photos display type
        what tv show is this theme from?
    probably pointless question:
        what actor is in these movies besides other actor?

twinther's TODOs:
- Error message when we are unable to find additional questions
- DVD ISO's plays menu instead of movie
- Multiplayer support

Movie Question suggestions:
- What role does <actor> play in <movie>?
- In what movie does <actor> play <role>?
- What actor stars in these three movies?
- What movie is these three actors starring?
